Meeting Minutes 3.1

https://github.com/bizzlebin/team/meeting_minutes/meeting_minutes_2.2.txt

***

By Anna Malmberg, et al

***

Created on 2020-06-09

+++
Summary

Thursday meeting on 2020-06-09 of TEAM Exists As Metonym, to discuss progress, focus on SRS, HLD progress and new releases. Vote on LLD detail to focus on.

**Call To Order**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:00

+++
Attendance

**Present**: Anna Malmberg, Sandhya Joshi, Stavros Bannoura, Zachary Wawrzaszek, Jeremiah Thomas, Jack Kagan
**Absent**: None

+++
Presentations

**Anna**: Released separate glossaries for HLD and LLD, made minor formatting updates to several documents, created some user stories, will create more and add to SRS draft
**Jack**: Worked on class assignments
**Sandhya**: Completed SRS draft, added section 2.4, finished sorting and formatting requirements according to M[o]SC[o]W, will format collaboration method next
**Stavros**: Discussed sketches with Zachary for diagrams, added collaboration tools in section 2 of the SRS, to add information about the database next, including SQLite access control, instances
**Zach**: Rough drafts of class hiearchies posted HLD channel, added terms to glossary and tasks to task list, posted second draft of architecture including cases for deleting and searching for a file as well as creating one.
**Jeremiah**: Completed initial M[o]SC[o]W on the SRS requirements, updated readme for week 3, worked on week 4 tasks, to be released tonight

**Vote on LLD detail**: Stavros: GUI, Zach: user, Anna: user, Sandhya: user, Jack: user, Jeremiah: GUI. LLD detail to focus on user.

+++
Adjournment

**Call To Close**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:24
**Next Meeting Scheduled** 2020-06-11 20:00