Meeting Minutes 3.2

https://github.com/bizzlebin/team/blob/master/meeting_minutes/meeting_minutes_3.2.txt

***

By Anna Malmberg, et al

***

Created on 2020-06-11

+++
Summary

Thursday meeting on 2020-06-11 of TEAM Exists As Metonym, to discuss progress, focus on SRS, HLD progress and new releases. Vote on allowing LUID to continue collaborating with TEAM.

**Call To Order**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:00

+++
Attendance

**Present**: Anna Malmberg, Stavros Bannoura, Zachary Wawrzaszek, Jeremiah Thomas, Jack Kagan
**Absent**: Sandhya Joshi

+++
Presentations

**Zachary**: Added class to LLD idea document, planned to work on adding new class ideas to structure diagram over the weekend.
**Stavros**: Released SRS diagram on SRS channel, GUI mockup drawing on repo
**Jack**: Worked on catching up on classwork
**Anna**: Posted use case diagram on SRS channel, planned to work on formatting again to end out the week
**Jeremiah**: Conducted small sessions with individual team members, corrected some issues in NKCP, uploaded UEWSG-compliant template for documents, updated readme with week 4. Worked on updating task list and finalizing change control board procedures.

**Vote on removal of LUID**: 2 retain, 1 remove, 1 abstain, 1 absent. LUID to stay with TEAM.

+++
Adjournment

**Call To Close**: Jeremiah Thomas 20:38
**Next Meeting Scheduled** 2020-06-16 20:00